we're still talking about kitchen miniature kitchen in this case fixed pillar what
that I have at the hand of richest spikes with the 2nd
with that if everything continues in everything and with anchovy iron day
a local publication especially because I want you to see
as they are and that the preparation already
his skewer we are in zumaia and ossetia de barac and a championship of pintxos which
eight local bars participate and the tuc pincho that takes you was
very simple
a tomato foam but then came the idea of ​​tomato
has said no
a beautiful
potato foam to title in the green with one euro of the asparagus and albacar
love has closed
It was from
josé de jesús will be hard multimedia
can take you look at it with your permission to the jury in this table that we see here
are deliberating in five judges on the 8 skewers that are going to present me
I bring here the mikel left it here but what do you think darcy change
skewers these are authentic delicatessen and kate go visit
here we all know what calls are almost all but we are going as we said
eight bars of zumaia that is participating in this contest of skewers
look bilardo tell me that you do not drool watching the guests can
to dock a family in arenas schedule to work
it's true that they are on the finish line
only three decades of career to all the people who have come here
until zumaia because this is also summoned the curve of the whole afternoon the
they have been distributing spikes so almost almost the whole day in fact
if we look here behind me I liked these people who are waiting
to give him his skewer free skewers were thought in principle to distribute
distributes 700 at the end the forecasts have overflowed and have been distributed almost
thousand we are going to reunite to the sky as it takes by motto 'we live as it knows apatow
he was all his career are free glaxo free we just have to pick up
a dam for that of
put a little order
and people can take their pint so the armband zumaia surroundings want
going through here is still on time because in addition pillar can see
what is the zumaia chassis exhorted is the flysch of zumaia plus
pastry made pasta the priism I know if you know is a geological accident that
is the coast who smokes and 10 the identity sign because according to geologists
which is the best place in the world to observe the different layers of the
that is why it is an emblem that your fence
what they have done
is to convert the pasta a pillar pasta
who acted health today approve
san roque - part ana casares to canonize faeca ever